Don't you forget.
After you married my father, you kept stealing from the future
He always carries fruit
Go to the amusement park to meet you privately
Of course I know his name
What a pity!
Dog custody
In my hands
Ah we depend on each other
But one meal a day
Rotten eggs
I have to wash dishes and pick up trash every day to bite me
I don't know if the child will suffer or not
That's enough!
Give me custody of Guoguo
I promise you anything you want.
Really?
I want 100 million.
The check can be cashed immediately after signing it
He was so happy
Hold on.
I'll give you 100 million.
Since he cares so much about Guoguo
Why don't you send him back to the Lin family to take care of you?
So you two broke up
Haha, it's going to be wonderful.
Okay, let's do it.
Since you are so reluctant to bear Brother Guo
later
Come and be a dog by my side
Why would you do that?
You've corrupted the relics of the world
Do you think I will let you go?
What do you want?
I won't give it to you.
I am indeed Wang Yu's son
It makes me sick.